# N-queens-problem
Solving N queens problem with genetic algorithm.  
First, we will give a brief explanation of the problem:
The multi-minister problem is a chess and mathematical puzzle, according to which n chess ministers must be placed on an n×n chess board in such a way that none of them threaten the others. Considering that the minister moves horizontally, vertically and obliquely, each minister should be placed in a different length, width and diameter.
Now we want to use genetic algorithm to solve this problem.
This algorithm is one of the most powerful methods of designing algorithms to solve optimization and optimal control problems. This algorithm searches for the best solution by simulating the evolution process in nature. In this algorithm, instead of using a fixed method to search for the best solution, a large set of unsupervised solutions (as a population) is used, and using various operations such as selection, combination, and mutation, to Investigating and improving different solutions.
For this, we have to create a population and select children from the parents that we select with the help of a function called fitness (a function that determines the suitability of a member of the population for us) with the help of cross over and mutation operations. And then we select the new generation of the population from among the created population and proceed in the same way until we finally reach the desired member of the population in one generation, which is the correct way of placing the ministers on the page.
* For more information contact me with my email " Amirazad1380@gmail.com "
